I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'll
try.
I'll try to do my best.
I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'll
try.
I'll try to do my best.
Thank you for watching.
Please subscribe to my channel.
Super Tokimeki Anniversary Live Stream!
While watching the live together!
Super Fast! New Announcement!
Everyone! Tokimekko Special!
Rock on! We are Super Tokimeki
Anniversary!
Good evening!
Thank you for your hard work!
The day after tomorrow is the
anniversary of the Super Tokimeki
Anniversary.
It's two days early, but today we're
going to do a special live broadcast to
celebrate the Super Tokimeki
Anniversary.
Can I introduce myself one by one?
I'm IA.
Thank you.
I'm Kanamin of Super Tokimeki Blue, or
Kanamin of TSUJU.
Oh, not this.
I'm Aho of Super Tokimeki Blue, or...
I'm Kanamin of Super Tokimeki Blue,
or...
I'm getting hot.
Let's look back on the past year and
have a good time!
Thank you.
Next, Julia.
I'm Murasaki of Super Tokimeki Blue,
or...
I'm Anjulia.
We're going to look back on the past
year and have a good time.
Today is the last day of the Super
Tokimeki Anniversary, so I hope you can
see Julia in real time.
Thank you.
You're cute with your hair down.
You did it yourself, didn't you?
Julia, you have to do it straight.
I can't do it with one hand.
I did it straight today.
I'm going to do it straight with my
hands.
The latest information.
Next, Hitoka.
I'm Aka of Super Tokimeki Blue, or...
I'm Hitoka Sakai.
Today is Twin Tail.
It's a short time, but I did my best.
I think it was a year ago.
I think I did a Twin Tail on the live
broadcast.
It's just a coincidence.
I'm going to do a Twin Tail on the
anniversary.
Thank you.
Thank you for watching.
Hi-chan!
We are Pink To Ieba, and Haruka and
Haruka Kojime from Super Exciting
Advertising Club.
It's been 2 years since we started
Super Exciting Advertising Club.
Time flies.
We have a lot of live videos and
announcements today, so please enjoy
watching them while eating dinner or
taking a bath.
Thank you!
Thank you! Next, Aki-chan!
Hi! We are Super Exciting Advertising
Club's lemon, and Ieba...
And Ieba...
I'm Aki-chan, also known as Suda Aki!
Good evening, everyone!
Good evening!
We are almost 2 years old!
2 years old!
We are going to look back on our
memories from 2021 to 2022 and have fun
together.
Thank you for everything!
Bye-bye!
Please!
Thank you!
Aki-chan!
Hi! We are Midori To Ieba...
To Ieba...
Hi! I'm Hiyorin, also known as
Yoshikawa Hiyori!
Look at the chat!
We have over 1400 people watching us on
the chat!
Wow!
Thank you!
This channel has grown a lot, and we
are able to have a lot of people
watching us live.
Let's enjoy ourselves!
Thank you!
So,
We have been doing live streams with
you since last year,
and we have a lot of new announcements
and content!
I'm looking forward to it!
Some of you may be watching this for
the first time,
so I hope you can enjoy watching our
live streams and learn about each
member's personality and personality.
By the way, this live stream will be on
Tokimeki Barometer Jyoushou TV,
so let's enjoy it together!
I'm sure you can see it already, but
Ta-da! Please take a look at this!
It's gorgeous!
We will be watching the 2021-2022 live
stream together, and we will be looking
back on the past year of Tokimeki
Barometer Jyoushou TV,
and we will be connecting with you in
the future!
From April 24th of last year to March
of this year,
and we have three new announcements!
Wow!
Let's go!
No, you go first!
We don't want you to be the first one
to go!
Let's be patient!
Yes!
So, we've got a lot of comments from
everyone here, so we'd like to read
them!
Let's go!
First, Julia and Aki-chan are posting
hashtags on Twitter with the hashtag
Tokimeki Barometer Jyoushou TV.
Wow!
What does it say?
2,000 people!
4,400 people on YouTube chat!
That's amazing!
Congratulations!
4,400?
What did you say?
4,400!
I thought you said 1,400, but I heard
4,000.
By the way,
1,500 people are watching now.
Please be 4,000 people!
Thank you!
I'm a subscriber to your channel.
1,000,000 subscribers!
Congratulations!
Everyone!
I'm working hard on my job.
Maybe it'll increase after this.
That's right.
We're looking at the chat.
Good luck with the viewing!
Thank you!
Congratulations on your 100th
anniversary!
It's my first time watching the
special.
Thank you!
Are you watching the comment?
I'm watching the comment.
I'm watching Twitter.
I'm watching the chat.
You're all cute. I'm glad you worked
hard today.
Thank you for your hard work.
We'll call 100,000 people.
Please tweet with the hashtag,
Super Toki Sen Kessei commemorative
live stream.
Thank you for your comments.
Please leave your comments.
Let's see the announcement of
2021-2022.
I'm looking forward to it.
We held our first fan club live at
Tanryu Puroland on April 24, 2021.
It was cute.
It was really good.
We played at Fairyland Theater.
There was a big tree.
We could talk on that tree.
We could talk.
We used the magic of the tree.
It was nostalgic.
What are the main topics of this live?
I'd like to show you.
What is it?
Our first fan club event live.
Our first collaboration with Sanrio
Puroland.
We'll play the Sanrio version 1.4
million times a month.
1.4 million times?
It's too big to imagine.
We can't imagine.
The number of videos we've released is
over 1 million.
You can only play YouTube once a day.
Even if you play a lot, it's only once.
1.4 million people are watching.
It's the opposite.
Let's watch the video of the first fan
club held by Sanrio Puroland.
Please play the video.
Cute.
Please watch the fan club video.
Please subscribe to our channel.
I want to be born as a child friend
with you.
I want you to live in a faraway place.
And then I'll be an adult and suddenly
we'll meet again.
You know?
Or maybe it's the worst first
impression.
I want to mess with you.
I'm a hero who fights against the evil
organization
Your secret is in the air
What's this? I want to be alone
Ah, since the day I met you
My every day has changed into a love
song
Gonna be a bless
Ski Ski Ski
I can't wait for this weather to be
great
subs by maro!
That was the live version of the song,
I Like You, by Sanrio Puroland.
How was it?
It was good.
It was cute.
The space and the outfits were cute.
I want to wear that again.
Everyone's hair was cute.
Hello Kitty and My Melody were
together.
And Shinamon and Purin came to see us.
We did a school cycling.
We did it together.
They came to see us.
They did.
It was fun.
I was happy.
This year, we did a fan club limited
live at Sanrio Puroland's Puro Village.
It was very luxurious.
It was.
And we did a fan club.
We did a float.
It was fun.
The driver was dancing when we were
singing I Like You.
It was fun.
We did a fan club.
Yes.
It was our first time.
It was cute.
It was our first time to meet.
It was our first time.
We liked it.
The movement was interesting.
The dance was interesting.
We asked the staff to move to the
right.
But they did it.
It was cute.
It was moving.
I got some latest information.
After this, we will upload a live video
of Cupid in Love.
It's a secret.
It's a secret to the staff.
It will be in the live video.
It's not in the video.
Please write comments.
Please look forward to it.
We are waiting for it.
By the way, everyone, there's a hidden
story here.
We've received a lot of information
from the staff about the hidden stories
in each live.
There's a lot, isn't there?
I've been keeping track of it.
I forgot.
We'll be announcing it together.
So, let's take a look at the hidden
stories in this Puroland.
I'll turn it over.
What?
With Utai-sode?
Is that what it is?
It's a big name.
The story is written here.
According to the information from the
staff,
Utai-sode is a company that works with
Sanrio's friends.
Everyone was so into talking to
Sanrio's friends that Pabrin was left
alone.
But at that time, Hiyorin was talking
to him.
And when the members called Pabrin, he
said,
I think he's one of the members.
That's how roughly he called his name.
By staff.
That's a good story.
When we were doing the engine, we
called him Kitty-chan or Manoro.
But Pabrin was like...
Pabrin was there, too.
But Pabrin is cute.
He's cute.
He's lovely.
He's as cute as Sanrio's members.
I love Pabrin.
I'm sure Pabrin is happy, too.
Let's meet again, Pabrin.
See you again.
See you soon.
Let's look at the Twitter chat.
Hiyorin.
There are already 1,600 people.
Hiyorin is kind.
Thank you for the spoiler.
I'm not a fan of Pabrin.
No, no.
I'm a fan of Pabrin.
I'm not a fan of Pabrin.
We're close.
I feel safe because we're close.
I'm a fan of Sanrio's collaboration
towel.
That's right.
That towel is so cute.
I bought a lot of acrylic goods.
I bought all of them.
I got all of them, not just mine.
I bought five towels.
I bought three towels for myself.
For the audience.
For the audience and for the fans.
I'm a fan of Sanrio.
They're all so cute.
I feel healed.
Now, let's move on to May.
On May 29th and 30th, we held a special
event at the Tokyo Arena.
We held the first event of the
2020-2021 season.
It was amazing.
It was a new arena.
It was last year.
It feels like a little earlier.
It feels like a long time ago.
I feel that way.
Why?
I wonder why.
This is also a live ticket.
What is it?
I'll open it.
The main topics are the first arena
performance, the first trot, and the
first Otodama.
The first...
Otodama.
Otodama, right?
I'm sorry.
Otodama.
It was amazing to see so many trot
songs.
I miss Otodama.
It was scary.
It was surprising.
We heard the sound of the trot song in
rehearsal.
We said, let's sing.
We had earphones on and we were ready.
It's because there were no audience.
The sound was too loud and loud.
The vibration was amazing.
It was like an explosion.
It was amazing.
Once the rehearsal was too loud, the
volume went down.
It was too quiet.
It was amazing.
Can you hear it from outside?
Outside the venue.
The house next door is amazing.
It's not.
It's not. It's the people from the
shopping center.
Oh, yeah.
It's because...
It's after Zonic Adventure.
We were looking forward.
We knew the sound was this loud.
But the promoters didn't know.
They saw the reaction.
They couldn't go to the next stage.
The choreographer who always does the
choreography screamed.
I was surprised.
It's no use being surprised.
Yeah.
It was fun.
Let's watch the live video of the first
arena performance,
Suki Miki Summer Festival 2020-2021.
Hito, please do the V-flip.
Please watch the video.
Yay yay yay yay! Wow wow wow wow!
Thank you for watching!
I want you to turn around, but I can't
see your face
I suddenly deceived you, I don't know
anything anymore
It's impossible to control the
tachungun
I'll tell you if you think about it
Turn 180 degrees and think about it
I can't do it
Wait a minute, I can't do it perfectly
I noticed it and I was already addicted
Is this a bird or a bird?
Please tell me
A little rusty streetlight
The heart's beating as we meet
I can't hear your voice
Ah, because the festival next year
Won't let go of the hand I'm holding
It's too late to change now
I spent July's cider with you
Those days will surely never be in vain
It hurts, it hurts
I'm going to overcome the painful
everyday
It seems I forgot
I'm a miracle
It's wonderful to be here
I won't forget you
I'll remember you
I'll remember you, ah ah ah
It's because of this summer
Tell me, I want
No matter how many times, I love you
Morning, evening, every day
Look at me, I want
No matter when, I need you
Don't talk to other girls
I want you
You want to say I'm cute, right?
Don't be so cocky
I want you
Is it okay to be loved by someone else?
Is it okay to be disappointed?
Feel it, I want you
You know, right? I want you
More than anything, I'm sure
I love you
Thank you for watching!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Throw away your experience
and pretend you're not
I want to live to the point of being
bankrupt
Even if it's greed
Come on! Everyone, let's move forward!
The most comfortable life!
Pinch me! S colony
Hello, hello to the new me!
I don't care what they say
I'll be more passionate!
Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, the
strongest!
Hello, hello to the infinite
possibilities!
I'll challenge everything I want to do
And prove my exciting future!
Happy new day!
Go, go, tomorrow!
Together, tomorrow, the strongest!
Let's fly together, to the top!
We can go anywhere, anytime, right?
Dash! Dash! Dash! Let's dash through
together
Dash! Dash! Dash! In the middle of
youth
When I'm with you, my heart
Becomes invincible
It's like I still can't see it
I want to reach you, I want to echo you
Raise your voice
I want to go forward more
I want to have more fun
I want to laugh more with you
I want to keep singing
I want to keep running
I want to be with you forever
I want to be invincible forever
What should I do to make you turn
around?
I wonder if I have to change myself
more
I thought so, but I'm fine if I tell
you about me as I am
Ah, I'm fine if I tell you about me as
I am
I'm the heroine of everyone
I'm going to live as no one else
I like you, I like you, I like you, I
like you, I like you, I like you, I like
you, I like you, I like you, I like you
Everything that exists for you to be
you
I'm about to burst, I can't hold back
my tears anymore
Someday
I hope we can be bound
Ah
I like you, like you, like you, like
you, like you, like you, like you, like
you, like you, like you, like you
All of the feelings you gave me
I feel like they're going to overflow,
I can't take it anymore
These feelings are going to be conveyed
to you
I like you...
What is it?
I'm sure something is waiting for you
Beyond the full speed
I hope we can meet again
It's so nostalgic.
The costume is so cute.
What was it?
That was the live performance of
Tokimeki Natsu no Hare Butai 2020-2021.
Yay!
It was so nostalgic.
How was it, everyone?
It was fun.
It was sold out in the arena.
Isn't it amazing?
It was so touching.
We performed I-SONG for the first time
on that day.
That's right.
It was our first time.
We rode a truck.
The first song was I-SONG.
So we were so close.
Everyone was smiling and holding a
penlight.
They were holding a penlight.
I remember that.
It was so nostalgic.
The MC of the day said,
Idols are fun.
That's right.
And the lyrics of the song, CHO-STEP
UP, said,
Idols are fun.
That's amazing.
It's a great memory.
Thank you.
I like it.
I have a story to tell you.
What is it?
We performed in three different places.
We performed in a different area.
I performed in a different area for the
second performance.
Aki was in a different area for the
first performance.
I performed alone.
You were alone.
I'm finally in a different area for the
third performance.
As expected, you are a dramatic figure.
It's a story.
I'm surprised.
I was really surprised.
I thought, wow, they're going to go to
my concert.
I didn't know they'd be performing such
a precious part.
Some fans have noticed it.
I'd like to see the second performance.
A version that's a bit too heavy.
It's a happy ending, so I'd like to see
it.
And this year's Tokimeki Summer
Festival 2022
will be held at Yokohama Budokan on May
28th.
I'm so excited.
I wonder what it's going to be like.
I'd like to ride a truck again.
I wonder.
If you're watching for the first time,
please come and have fun.
Let's take a look at the order.
Not enough?
What's that?
According to the staff,
we gave you crepes as a gift.
We were all excited.
Originally, there were only four
crepes, so we gave them to each other.
In the end, there was one crepe left.
Who ate the crepe?
Do you remember?
I didn't eat it.
What?
That's right.
In the end, only one...
Did you eat all of them?
I didn't eat it.
I'm editing the character.
In the end, only one person ate it.
In the end, only one staff ate it.
That's right.
I didn't eat any of the four.
I ate it.
You ate it.
We got pudding, too.
We ate pudding.
We ate crepes.
Is that so?
We ate it in the car.
I see.
That's right.
There's not enough.
I was worried about how to deal with
the four.
Everyone ate it.
We were excited to eat it.
We said,
Let's eat it together later.
We can't eat it.
We said,
We made a big lunch box like this.
We were full of food.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for the food.
It's delicious because I can't eat it
normally.
That's right.
We ate a lot of pudding.
We ate it together.
We said,
We'll eat it again.
Every time we eat it, it's different.
We never eat the same food.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
We're talking about the same thing.
We're not aiming for it.
We'll eat it again.
Thank you.
Let's check Twitter and chat.
See you!
We get a lot of pudding.
I feel like we're eating all the
pudding in Japan.
I'm dreaming of a flower.
My dream might come true.
My childhood dream was to eat all the
pudding in the world.
The whole world?
The world is almost over.
It's not just Japan.
We have to overcome many things.
Eat a lot of healthy food.
I'm a good girl.
This live became a promotional video.
Thank you!
I'm so happy.
I heard that Yokohama Budokan is the
first place to perform.
Thank you.
I'm happy.
Please look forward to it!
They said I'm cute.
I want to be an idol who gets excited
over pudding.
I want to be a pudding lover.
Which do you like, hard or soft?
I like the soft one.
I like the hard one.
I like the smooth one.
I like the hard one too.
I like the hard one.
I've tried a lot of different kinds.
But I like the classic pudding.
Really?
I like it.
I like the Chichiro one.
I like the milk pudding sold in
convenience stores in Hokkaido.
The smooth one.
What was it?
That's really good.
I used to...
Go ahead.
No, I'm good.
I used to like the pudding I had with
Hiorin.
The one with the Jinguai...
The one with the tofu.
Yes, the one with the tofu.
The one with the coffee.
I used to like the hard one.
The hard one was good.
I like the hard one.
I like this one.
Let's move on.
On June 5th and 6th, the fan club live
at Sanrio Puroland was held.
And in August, the MV of the ski
version was released.
Let's look at the topics of the ski
version music video.
The music video was played 3.4 million
times.
The I-BADIT version was played 5.8
million times.
What is 5.8 million times?
It was played 5.8 million times.
Wow.
It's amazing.
And the ski version was ranked first on
the Korean TikTok chart.
Thank you.
It was ranked first on the Spotify
viral chart in Indonesia.
And many people have listened to it.
The total number of views on TikTok is
2 billion.
Thank you.
2 billion is a lot.
It's a lot.
Isn't it amazing?
2 billion is more than the population
of Japan.
I like it.
Thank you.
It's not just in Japan, but it's also
spread all over the world.
Recently, many people have danced
overseas.
Thank you.
We shot the music video.
We shot the long version again.
I love that music video.
It's cute.
It's new.
I wore a cute uniform.
The cafe was cute.
It was delicious.
We're going to eat udon.
Look at this.
It's not over.
I can't stop.
According to the staff, we shot at a
real cafe.
We had a real dessert.
Even when everyone was taking a break,
we ate dessert together.
We ate it when we shot the Indonesia
YouTube video.
We ate pancakes.
I ate churros.
It was easy to eat after the shoot.
It was delicious.
We didn't have to bring it.
We were told to eat it.
We weren't told not to eat it.
We brought it to the dressing room.
It was a one-drink set.
It was delicious.
Thank you for the food.
We ate all the food.
It's amazing.
Let's look at the video.
It's cute.
The food is too big.
It's worth 2 billion won.
I'm happy to eat a lot.
We ate a lot of food during the shoot
in Indonesia.
It was delicious.
We received comments from overseas.
Thank you.
The comments are fast.
It's increasing.
It's 5,800 people.
It's amazing.
It's increasing.
We often talk about food.
We only talk about food today.
What are we talking about?
What did we talk about?
Let's move on.
It says that all the incidents are
about food.
What will happen after this?
There are two incidents.
The first ZEPP tour was held from
August to September.
We held the Heart Lock On ZEPP Tour
2021.
It was fun.
It was the first time to go on a trip
with everyone.
I was very happy.
I saw the faces of people sleeping for
the first time.
I can't imagine everyone sleeping.
I can imagine sleeping on the train.
I can't imagine sleeping in bed.
I can't imagine sleeping on the train.
It was the first time to have a
campaign.
I ate a lot of food.
They prepared a lot of gummies.
I was happy to see them.
Let's turn the page.
The first ZEPP tour was held in five
places.
Nagoya, Fukuoka, Tokyo, Osaka.
It was the first time to meet the fans
of each country.
I went to various places.
I ate delicious food.
I'm not sure if I should talk about it
now.
I was very happy.
I couldn't go out to eat.
They prepared a lot of food for us.
I was able to eat all the food in five
places.
I also bought some food that I usually
buy.
I bought clothes.
I also bought a lot of food.
I asked the staff to make a food.
Let's see the live video.
Let's see the live video of the first
ZEPP tour.
Next, let's have Oharu-chan.
Let's rock on to the VTR!
Ohara Mikawa
Translated by Releska
Thank you for watching!
Please subscribe to my channel and
follow me on Twitter!
I love you, you are
The most, the most wonderful person in
the world
I love you
I hope we can continue to be together
Right now, tell me your love
No matter how many times, I love you
Morning, noon, evening, every day
Look at me, I want
No matter when, I want
I love you
I need you, don't talk to anyone but me
Believe in love
I know, but hey
I'm shaking, so write a letter
To my true love
Promise me that you'll stay by my side
forever
Alright?
I won't cry, I won't cry, I won't cry,
I won't cry
Once I bite, I won't let go
I won't let go
The lion shakes the world
The lion runs through the sky
The lion is the hero of the day
The lion is a beautiful person
You suddenly appear
I'm a good luck, good luck girl
Your smile is too much
to be seen as a joke
You're not being sweet
You're a little bit of a bad girl
You're really a nuisance
You make me think, but I can't do
anything
I'm sorry for the trouble you're in
My heart is pounding, my rhythm is
pounding
You're always making a fuss, I'm sorry
Well, how many times do I have to tell
you?
I love you!
I'll be yours, just you and me
Hey, hey!
You can keep some of them to yourself.
Please give me more love than Sky Tree!
I can finally talk to you in person
today!
Don't let go of me, Julia!
I like you, I like you, I like you, I
like you, kiss?
Kiss!
Now, suddenly, the rain starts to fall,
a swaying city
Hop, knee, and oof, even if it's just
one page of love
I long for that delusion, full stage
I can't see your innocent face
If I reach out, the illusion will
disappear
Where are you now? What are you doing?
I want to see you, but I'm too close
I feel it, hold me tight, hold me tight
Hey girl, come on, darling, darling
Sunshine, summer, go right, go right
Shake it, love's frozen time
I want to take a cold shower
Come on, more, take off
Feeling burning, burning
Moonlight, until the morning comes
Shake it, let's dance
Hold me tight, don't fall
Always, tomorrow, with you, I'll dance
There's no sign of a match or a start
I'll go to you faster than anyone else
The girls, the girls of love
I'll put my soul into my maiden heart
I'm sorry for being weak and cheating
I'll go full speed to the moon I've let
down
The girls, the girls of you
I don't need any more of your tricks
Let's go!
Step up! Let's go!
Because dreams are waiting for us
I'm getting excited
I feel like I can accelerate my
feelings
Don't give up! Look at the miracle in
front of you
This overflowing love is forever ever
I'll do my best!
Rock, paper, scissors! Love or lie
Even if you lose, don't cry
One more time!
You won't lose next time!
Hey!
Rock, paper, scissors! Love or lie
Even if you win or lose
See you again!
Tomorrow will come
Hey!
Rock, paper, scissors! Love or lie
I want to be by your side tomorrow
Let me cheer you on
I want to laugh with you more than my
face that can't stop
Let's go! Jump!
Don't get in the way of our world
I'm not stopping, I'm not stopping, I'm
not stopping, I'm not stopping
I'm noticing love
Let's go! Jump!
Let me taste it without leaving a
single drop
I want to love you so much that it's
impossible
You too...
subs by maro!
That was our first live video of our
ZEPP tour!
How was it?
It was so cute.
It reminded me of the summer of 2009.
It was so sparkly.
I was thinking while watching this.
I want a live opening video.
That's true.
STARS, please.
Like an ED.
I don't know.
I don't know if we can release it on
YouTube.
I want to see it.
I'm so excited.
It's a waste.
I'm looking forward to it every time.
I'm looking forward to it.
It's cute every time.
I have to go out on a tour.
I want to see it as an audience.
Live performance.
We always say that.
We want to see our live performance.
We want to see it in order.
We'll take a break.
We'll have a live tour six times.
We'll take a break for the first time.
We'll have a second time.
We can copy everything.
That's right.
We're not as energetic as we used to
be.
That's right.
Can we do it?
Let's read the comments.
It's good.
It's not.
It's the opening show.
Buy a ticket.
That's right.
Of course.
Let's take a break.
I want to take a break.
Other members are having a hard time.
I'm tired.
I'm nervous.
Who's going to cover it?
When I see the fan meeting,
I'm going to say a line.
More!
It looks fun.
We did a line project at Otozuke
Delivery Star.
We wrote all the lines.
We wrote a line about Nagoya.
We wrote a lot of lines.
Torimon Torimon
This line is on TikTok.
It's up there.
I'm sweating like I'm doing it now.
I'm sweating.
I was surprised.
We're doing our best.
It's a live show.
And it says,
Hiorin created a soul system.
This is amazing.
This is the best.
The MC was in a good mood.
I was in a good mood.
We're still using our souls.
If you can't use it, please use your
soul.
It's a revolutionary system.
It's a word system.
It's like a commemoration day.
It's a soul.
It's getting out of hand.
We still have a live show.
Please create a soul system.
Please.
Let's go to Otozuke.
Kanami, please read the full text.
I'm sorry.
According to the staff,
Two carry cases broke during the ZEPP
tour.
Kanami bought a carry case for Osaka.
But it was used up on this day.
It's Kanami.
Two of them broke.
A small one and a big one.
Both of them broke, so I bought a new
one.
You bought both?
I bought a small one and a big one.
I bought them last year.
Last year?
Pink one.
I bought a pink one and a white one.
It's been about half a year since then.
I didn't use it at the end of the year.
I was on fire the other day.
Please give me a chance to use it.
I'm looking forward to it.
Speaking of the tour,
We are currently holding our first hall
tour in Osaka, Tokyo, and Nagoya.
We are holding the Spring 33 Hall Rock
On Tour 2021.
2022?
It's 2022.
We are holding it in 2022.
Thankfully, all the tickets were sold
out.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
It's our first hall tour.
It's amazing.
It's time for the new announcement.
Please show us the new announcement.
Please.
I'll show you.
I feel like I saw it last year.
Please.
2022.
We are holding a live performance of
the Spring Hall Tour for 6 days in a row
from April 29th.
It's amazing.
The last performance will be held on
the 23rd.
It's only been 6 days since the last
performance.
The staff is amazing!
I can't eat it.
I can't wait to see the final
performance.
It's too early.
I'm looking forward to it.
The staff is laughing at the camera.
Some people say they can't shoot it
because they're nervous.
Please look forward to the Golden Week
GW.
It will be uploaded every day.
Please look forward to the live video.
I'd like to announce one more thing.
Can I?
Are you ready?
I'm already looking around.
Can I?
In addition, in the 2022 Golden Week
project,
members of the Spring Fall Tour
How do you say this?
Members of each
will be able to use the camera!
What was it before?
Like before
Members of each
will be able to use the camera!
Wow!
Camera
I'm a little scared, is it okay?
I'm always watching
It's embarrassing
Maybe that's because it's limited
That's right
It's okay
Limited
It's important
It's a comparison
It's always reflected
During the performance
It's also reflected when I'm looking
back
I have a hay fever
When I was doing a live show the other
day
I don't know if the medicine for hay
fever has run out
I'm afraid my nose will run out
No way
I thought I would be reflected even if
I touched my nose
That's right
By the way, I forgot to take medicine
for hay fever today
I've been feeling dizzy for a while
I don't think I'm sneezing too much
I'm holding it in
Let's take a look
We did it!
I'm so happy!
Golden Week is a very important time
for us!
Please don't let go of it!
It's too early to think that we want
you to do it.
It's too early!
Thank you!
You're so kind!
Golden Week is a job!
Go for it!
Please come after work.
It's a camera.
Tamotsui.
Tamotsui can't hold it.
I'm looking forward to the holiday
week.
The camera is here.
You want to be on camera, don't you?
Stop it.
The current tour has a press camera
screen behind the members' dancing.
It's amazing.
The back view is emotional.
The cameraman is following us.
It's amazing.
We move a lot, but we're always
following you.
Thank you.
I want to give you a thank you after
the last performance.
Thank you.
I'm sorry for always watching me.
You might be locked out.
Let's move on to September.
September 29th, the first mini album of
Super Tokimeki Advertising Club,
Sukisuki Sukisuki Sukisuki was released.
On November 23rd, the first limited
live performance of Girls' Land 2021 was
held.
Thank you.
It was the first time for AKI to
perform Girls' Land.
It was strange to have only girls.
It was cute.
Girls' Land was originally scheduled to
be a one-time performance.
Thankfully, many fans came to see us
again.
We also had an additional performance.
Isn't it amazing?
I'm glad that fans of the same gender
like us.
Thank you.
Let's look at the main topics.
We took a picture of the limited live
performance of Sukisuki Tik Tok.
I'm nostalgic.
I was excited.
Thank you.
We took a music video of Cupid in Love
at the new show of Girls' Land.
We took a picture.
That's right. That pink outfit is cute.
The filter was cute.
The dance scene was cute.
Let's watch the live video of Girls'
Land 2021.
Please show us the music video.
Let's watch the music video.
Please watch the video.
I'm Yoki.
I'm Y.
The first part of Girls' Land will
start soon.
I brought Hito-chan.
Let's do our best!
We're wearing cute costumes.
There's a girl's party right there.
If we make a loud noise, we'll be
exposed.
But I want to shout a little.
Breaking news!
Everyone is really cute.
I need you at any time
Don't talk to anyone else
Hey!
A brave strategy of a shooting star
We're in a good mood, we're in a good
mood
I don't care what kind of person you
are
So, I can't hear the bell of victory
ringing
Girls are always lacking confidence
I can't do anything
I'm being tempted but someone has kene
And I won't accept such a good-for-
nothing
Tell me when you meet me
Tell me the meaning of love
I like you, but...
Don't make me think you're a little
girl
How big will you grow?
Don't make me think you're a little
girl
What should I do with this feeling?
I can't stop, cry cry cry
I want to be strong and realize
Love potion!
Don't leave any traces, taste it
Potential, cry cry cry
I want to be strong, always
Ready, set, go!
Don't lose your motivation, it's a
magic
Spin it more, spin it more
Don't lose your motivation, it's a
magic
Spin it more, spin it more
Well then, I'll sing
Thank you for watching!
Yeah, the boys are jealous.
But it's not a case, so it might be a
case.
It's a cowardly act.
So, that was the live video of Girls
Land 2021.
How was it, everyone?
I think about it every time, but the
costumes are too cute.
This time, I wore earrings and a
necklace.
I think it's a costume that makes me
feel more feminine than usual.
I think it's a square.
I'm a little more open-minded than
usual.
You can open it all.
No, that's...
I don't want to be alone.
Only Silk.
What about the costumes?
I'm going to open all the costumes.
I didn't have enough clothes for
everyone.
On the contrary.
I'll reduce that.
I'll buy another one.
It's about 100 yen.
That was fun, too.
We asked a lot of questions, and
everyone answered.
It was a lot of fun.
I'm worried about the girls.
I want to do a boy's live next time.
It's a hot live.
I've done it before.
It was a big battle.
What if I do it?
I wonder what the current Boys Land is
like.
I want to try it.
Let's do Girls and Boys.
Let's look at Twitter and chat.
Girls Land's goods were so cute.
I don't know what it is.
It seems that the majority of the goods
were sold out.
Boys, you can do it.
I want to do it.
Girls' Land's Shushu's present.
We were excited too.
It's been a while since we did it.
We did it a lot before.
I want to do that.
Like throwing.
I want to go to Garudan.
Please throw it.
It says it's only for a while.
I want to go to the seaplane.
Spring tour?
I want to do a lot of things.
Today is my dad's birthday.
Congratulations!
I want to go next.
Next is the last month.
December.
The last month of 2021.
December 26th and 30th,
Tokyo and Osaka's super exciting annual
winter live.
Tokikuri 2021 was held.
This was the first two-day event in
Tokikuri history.
Tokyo and Osaka.
Last Osaka.
Let's look at the main topics.
Ta-da!
First TV live broadcast, Makuhari Messe
announcement!
Wow!
It's summer!
It was amazing.
It was the first TV.
It may be shown on the TV of a person
who is eating normally.
I was surprised.
It may be seen by people who don't know
anything about Tokusai.
You can also record.
I was more nervous than usual.
There was a new song.
It was a bomb.
What was the new song?
Cupid in Love.
Cupid in Love!
Isn't it Akari?
Isn't it?
It's Cupid in Love.
Cupid in Love.
The staffs are shaking their necks
differently.
I was shaking my neck.
There was such a thing.
I saw it on TV.
I'm glad.
It's the 13th TV.
The set was cute.
It's good to have a laser.
It's like a customer.
I'm excited every time.
It's like fire.
It was amazing.
What was that?
Sparkler.
La.
It was amazing.
Let's watch the live video of TOKIKUN
2021.
Let's do it together.
Please watch the live video!
Please subscribe to our channel!
Take responsibility and love me
I'm a bit selfish, but
I promised to make you happy
So be prepared
I want to get closer to you
And make you more attracted to me
Wherever you are
I'll show you my smile
Subbed by Dreadopp and Zedopp.
I'm always staring at love
No matter what, I need you
Don't talk to other girls
I love you
The sun is disappearing into the crowd
It's the worst if I look at it with my
eyes
Is it too late now?
The July cider you spilled
I can't forget that night, no matter
when it is
It hurts, it hurts
I want to erase the painful days
It's all my fault
I walked alone
I buried the pain of the fireworks
It's all because of this summer
We always meet in front of Shibuya
Tsutaya
You are a little faster than me
I'm waiting with earphones
If you get closer from behind and tap
your back
I'm waiting with earphones
I'm a little surprised, but you laugh
I'm attached to you, who is kind
Hey, somehow I want to be mean
Because I want you to look at me
I'm selfish, I'm sorry
My heart is pounding, because of you
I'll be more cute tomorrow
So please look at me at any time
My precious feelings
I'm jealous, I'm jealous, I'm full of
jealousy
We may fight sometimes
But I hope I can be by your side
So that I can be by your side
Until the first step seems small
Subbed by Dreadopp and Zedopp.
Subscribe here!
subs by maro!
I've already realized my true identity
I understand everything
You and my heartbeat
Thank you.
Let's go!
Tumo Tumo Tumorou!
The strongest!
To the new me!
Hello! Hello!
Whatever you say,
it doesn't matter!
I'll be the one to make you fall in
love!
Tumo Tumo Tumorou!
The strongest!
To the infinite possibilities!
Hello! Hello!
Challenge everything you want to do!
I'll prove to you the exciting future!
Happy New Day!
Go! Go! Tumorou!
Go! Go!
Let's go! Tomorrow!
To the top!
Ah, this is love!
Let's go! Let's go!
You're a youthful heart shaker
This annoyingly great love
I don't like myself, but I felt like it
was fine
Because I fell in love with you
The love that's so popular will
eventually change into love
I don't like myself, but I felt like it
was fine
But I'm happy with a simple thing
My heart is being filled
But I want more
I'm sorry
This feeling is your fault
Spin it more, spin it more
Spin it more
Staffs made herself cry
Smile Shark
Isn't this so cute?.
We got more than 2,000!
Thank you!
That was the live video of TAKIKURI
2021!
How was it, everyone?
It was so cute!
We all had pen lights, right?
Yeah, it was so pretty!
The set was so pretty!
Everything was shining!
The softness of the ribbon was so cute!
It was so three-dimensional!
The wreath was cute too!
There were three outfits!
We haven't worn the second and third
outfits yet.
We've only worn the first two outfits.
We haven't worn the second outfit yet.
Yeah, we haven't.
We haven't worn the white uniform yet.
We haven't.
I want to go.
And Kanamin's crying face was
impressive.
What was that?
I think I made a mistake.
I was surprised to see a lot of live
videos.
It was a touching video.
It was a good video.
And I was like, which side?
I was like, which side?
I couldn't see my crying face from the
camera.
I couldn't see it.
I was surprised to see the announcement
of the return message.
I was surprised.
I couldn't stop crying.
I was surprised to see it.
I was really surprised.
We're going to have a live in October.
The scenery is amazing.
I'm getting emotional.
I'm looking forward to it.
Come on, everyone.
Please come to the live.
Please come.
I'm looking forward to it.
Please come to the live.
Let's go to the behind-the-scenes.
What everyone was worried about.
According to the staff, the stage
lighting was more intense than expected.
The members were worried that the
pavilion would burn.
The staff was worried about the
pavilion.
The pavilion is bigger than us.
When the sparklers come out on the
stage, it's small and close.
The pavilion is big, so it's close and
it's really burning.
The pavilion was like this.
I asked the staff who prepared the
sparklers.
It's not hot. It's not fire.
So it's not going to burn.
It's like a sparkler.
I was relieved that it wouldn't
actually burn.
It's not hot.
I felt the heat when I was close.
It was just my imagination.
I don't know, but it's not hot.
I'm relieved that it's safe for the
live.
Please subscribe to our channel and
follow us on Twitter.
I'm going to go to Makuhari. Thank you.
Fire Paburi.
No! No!
Stop it, guys.
What color?
Fire Paburi.
The temperature is low.
Everyone only talks about that.
We only talk about that.
We only talk about sparklers.
Where will we do this?
Where?
Message...
From now on...
We want to know it soon.
We're waiting.
But the venue we're at now...
That's right.
It's a bit like a school.
We have to clear it from here.
Thank you.
Sorry.
We'll do our best.
As expected.
The staff, please relax.
We'll do our best.
I thought it was good.
We'll move on.
From now on,
we'll move on to 2022.
In January 2022,
we'll be on
TBS Countdown TV Live!
Toshikoshi Special 2020-2022.
We'll be on that.
That was amazing.
From January 1st,
the first live.
That was amazing.
It was a great start.
That's right.
I saw a lot of friends.
Really?
I saw a lot of friends on TV.
I went home.
I saw my family.
I thought, this is a friend.
I was happy.
I was proud.
I had a fan
because of that.
I thought,
many people are watching.
I'm glad.
It was a project
that I wanted to do.
I was happy
because I saw the TikTok screen.
I was happy.
You're cute.
You're an adult.
I'm happy.
Let's move on to the behind-the-scenes.
This is it.
The most troubled incident in the past.
What?
According to the staff,
this is a big wall
where the victim's signature
is written.
It was faster than other artists
to write their signatures.
I was worried about where to write it.
I think I've been the most polite
so far.
I wrote my signature.
You don't have to be so polite.
Please write it properly.
After that,
many people will write it.
I don't want to write it too much.
I don't know where to write it.
I think it's better to write it in the
middle.
Then, it will be more visible to many
people.
I want to be humble
and make a good impression.
I want to be humble.
That place was the best.
It was a good place.
Other people
were interviewing me.
I was a little shy.
So, it was good.
It was a nice place.
We'll do our best to appear on TV.
We'll do our best.
Next,
on January 31, 2022,
you appeared on
Japan TV's Sukkiri.
That was great.
I was so nervous.
I was so excited.
I watched it every day.
It was so much fun.
I was so excited.
After I appeared on TV,
I went home and
saw the video,
and thought,
this is us.
I was so excited.
We were able to use the footage for the
festival the day after we were on the
show.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Tenno Koe-san said, let's sleep on the
train.
I was so happy.
Thank you.
Let's do our best on TV!
Please!
Please.
We're asking you to do it.
Let's do it.
Let's go to the behind-the-scenes.
Here it is.
Let's check the details.
Of course.
According to the staff, everyone seemed
to be nervous, but at the same time,
they seemed to be in a good mood and had
a lot of fun.
Before the show, Kanamin and Julia
performed ballet and Tenkai, so we
carefully checked the floor.
We checked a lot.
We can't slip on the floor on the live
broadcast.
Everyone had their own PR. Hitoka did a
high-speed wink, I did a solo play, and
Aki did a table tennis.
Kiyo did a one-shot gag.
Everyone was very careful to check
their PR.
While checking the song.
Self-PR.
It was in the morning, so I was worried
that I might turn over in the middle of
the show.
But we did it.
We were happy to have so many people
watch it.
Thank you.
And the last one is the last one.
The last one?
The last one. The last one, the music
video for Keep It In Love was released
on February 2, 2022.
222222.
Meow meow meow.
Wow.
Keep It In Love.
The music video was really...
We had handwritten letters and wings,
and it was cute because it was like a
different music video.
It's a music video with a sense of
youth.
The costumes in this music video are
also pinkish like Girls' Land.
That costume was very popular.
And I've never seen a music video that
makes your face look so big.
The camera was about this big.
It was on my face.
I was surprised.
We were about to kiss.
I'm sorry.
It's a live broadcast.
It's dangerous.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I can't do this.
I'm going to cut it.
I'm serious about cutting.
Ta-da!
Oh!
A refill!
A refill?
According to the staff,
Aki-chan, who finished her lunch,
asked if she could eat the leftover
lunch
and ate two lunches.
Do you remember?
I was hungry.
I think I checked it before.
Oh, yeah.
I was wondering if I could eat it.
It's okay because it's left.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
Two lunches are a generation gap.
I'm sure.
You're a four-year-old.
I was hungry.
It was delicious.
What did you eat?
I ate rice.
Yeah, I ate rice.
Rice?
You tend to change your lunches
recently.
Is it because of my mood?
Three more people are left.
Oh, yeah.
I ate one more.
At that time, J.Y. Park ate two
lunches.
I brought two lunches home.
I ate lunch before the live show.
I ate a lot until the live show.
I'm hungry after the live show.
I'm hungry because I dance a lot.
You're a zero-digit.
Let's check Twitter and chat.
I'm talking about food.
You eat a lot, don't you?
I love sweets.
I ate Gapao rice earlier.
Oh, right.
Gapao.
Is it okay?
And this year, we were able to appear
on All Night Nippon Cross.
It was fun.
It was a radio show, but we were
filmed.
That's right.
We were on Smash.
There was a video.
It's been a while since the six of us
did a radio show.
It was fun to talk to everyone.
And the other day, we experienced the
police station for the first time at the
Tamagawa police station in Setagaya.
That's right.
We did a lot of things.
It was the first time this year.
There were so many things to do.
It was fun.
And the events were so big.
It was big.
I'm happy.
And now, everyone, it's time for the
third announcement.
Yay!
It's finally time.
Please turn over the third
announcement.
I'll turn it over.
The last one.
I'll do it.
Please.
June 22, 2022, Wednesday.
Super Exciting Advertising Club 2nd
Mini Album Release!
Yay!
Wow!
Are you happy?
June 22.
I did it.
It's like Aki-chan took a picture of
me.
Thank you.
It's like a lot of people are watching.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
And on June 22, Wednesday,
Super Exciting Advertising Club's new
mini album release has been decided.
Thank you.
600 copies including Cupid in Love are
currently on sale.
600 copies.
It's not even 2nd place!
For Guess the permanent position.
We've made it594 songs.
That's quite a lot.
Which song is normal then?
6 songs including Keep it in Love,
Instrumental whit four
Including the instagram, all 12 songs
will be recorded.
Wow, that's a lot.
We don't have any new songs.
We're still recording.
We're almost there.
We're working on it.
You're working on it, right?
Please look forward to it.
There's too much stuff.
It's a lot.
This mini album is...
I saw the video of the 2021 TokiKuri.
The sound effects are also limited
edition.
It's the first time we've seen sound
effects.
Sound effects of live video.
The TokiKuri live video we saw earlier.
That's right.
We're looking forward to it.
Live video and sound effects.
You can hear our conversation.
The sound of the live video.
That's great.
Details will be posted on the official
SNS and homepage at 9 p.m. today.
Please take a look.
I'll give you more details.
What is insta?
There was a question about what insta
is.
It's like karaoke without singing.
It's a sound source that everyone can
sing in karaoke.
Even if you don't sing, you can listen
to the back sound.
I really like the new song.
The back sound.
Which one?
The one we just heard.
The one you danced to?
Which one is good?
It's more powerful than the first one.
It's a dynamic song.
The atmosphere is good.
No.
What are you doing?
It's like that.
Isn't that it?
I'm shaking.
Please check SNS at 9 p.m.
We'll try a new project this year.
It's called...
Super special song quiz!
Please explain.
I will explain the rules.
The song of our super exciting
advertisement,
a part of the lyrics,
the Hell's Seeker will read it.
We will answer what it is in a hurry.
The person who answers the most will
receive a luxury gift.
You can adjust it only once.
Let's do our best.
I have a dream.
Last year, Hiorin got a ticket to a
dream country.
That's right.
A miracle happened.
This year, we will do our best to make
a miracle happen.
We are a team.
That's right.
Let's do our best.
By the way, it's a luxury gift.
I haven't heard it yet.
Please.
The first one?
What?
The first one. Please.
Don't be so shy.
What about me?
Not that one.
Which one is the first one?
I can see it.
There.
Bye bye.
The first one is this.
It's a dish washing sponge.
I'm happy.
You can make a squeeze with this.
You can use this?
How do you do it?
You cut it and coat it.
You can make it.
I'm happy.
The second one is this.
No, I can't see it.
I'm excited.
Ta-da!
It's a massage stick for a healthy
mother.
It's a massage stick?
Last time, it was a shoulder massage.
I haven't used it yet.
It's a massage stick.
That's a good idea.
But I don't want to touch my feet.
That's true.
Don't do that.
But I'm saying it's okay.
I don't know why, but...
That's true.
It's okay, right?
I'm a little nervous.
I can't do it.
It's okay to do it live.
No, no, no.
We're not idols.
So it smells good.
I'm going to smoke.
Okay, third.
I smoked.
I'm happy about this.
Heavy!
2022 snack accumulation
I'm happy about this.
What do you mean?
This is good.
I'm happy about this.
Next, the fourth.
The fourth.
The fourth?
ABEX label team
Kirufebo cake and
Luxury Sukiyaki bento
Kirufebo.
I can't do it.
I want to have mattaroll with it.
That's all.
Julien.
What?
AHhhh!!!
Thank you!
We did it!
The live team Osaka
theme park
guaranteed experience!
Thank you!
Thank you for coming!
Wait!
Thank you for the live team!
Thank you for always supporting us!
Thank you!
I want to go!
Let's go together!
Let's go!
Let's all do our best!
Let's do our best!
Let's go!
Everyone, look!
They're here!
That's right!
The live team is happy!
Everyone wants to see it, right?
That's right!
Then, let's go!
First question!
What song is this?
Wait!
My American My Bike
I know!
Yes!
P-Boy
That's good!
Beauty
P-Boy!
Osaka! Osaka!
Where in Osaka?
In Osaka?
It's getting more difficult!
You can do it!
I can?
It's easier than before.
Really?
I can do it!
Was it mic?
I think I heard a mic drop.
Let's try again.
It's a mic.
It's shaking.
It's the shaking part.
Congratulations.
60,000 more.
Hey, drink some water.
I'm going to drink water.
Everyone, drink some water.
What kind of video is this?
Everyone, please drink some water.
It's too raw.
Osaka, I'm looking forward to it.
You're already going?
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm not going to go.
Can I say the second one?
The second one, please.
When I wake up, I'm still in a dream.
What is it?
I'm still in a dream.
Here's the hint.
Morning.
Is there such a place?
Wake up.
I don't know.
Someone.
Someone who sings.
Who?
All?
I don't know.
The lyrics of the rap?
Was it right?
Is it okay?
It's wrong!
I don't know if it's in the middle.
I don't know if it's in the middle of
the lyrics.
But Kanamin got 1 point.
P.O got 1 point.
How many questions are left?
5 questions.
Please.
I don't know.
Who's song is this?
Aki-chan.
P.O.
It's difficult.
The fourth question.
Who pretended not to notice and ran
away?
Cupid.
Who pretended not to notice and ran
away?
The secret of the century.
1 point.
Wow.
Let's do our best.
My head is spinning.
Can't we do it if we all get the same
score?
Rock-paper-scissors?
But we're 7, so we can do it.
It's okay.
Rock-paper-scissors.
Please give us the fifth question.
I chased after your back.
Wait, Sakura-san?
It's January.
I chased after your back.
Looking to what?
Going to aAPP.
Hanabi?
I was watching two fireworks in the
distance.
Where?
I remembered the choreography.
What is that?
Here?
No, it's not.
I was chasing your back.
Thank you.
What?
I was watching with joy and sadness.
Your shadow is still far away.
No, it's not.
Where?
It's okay.
Let's go next.
I was chasing your back.
No, it's not.
Oh, I see.
I see.
It's the atmosphere of the song.
I didn't get a single question.
Let's go.
The sixth question.
What is the most dazzling and brilliant
sun?
Oh, my gosh.
First love cycling?
A date in the fantasy pool?
Oh, my gosh.
It's dazzling and brilliant.
It's totally different.
If we can't get a single question,
we'll be the last one.
We'll be the last one.
The last question of fate.
Let's go.
The last question.
The seventh question.
I'll walk in front of you.
I see.
But...
Which one?
Wow!
It's Aki-chan!
But I'm not good at this, so...
I was like, what should I do?
I'm not good at this, so I'm glad I
answered.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's a team play.
Aki-chan is throwing, but our feelings
are clouded.
That's right.
There are six of us.
I'll do my best.
What are you aiming for?
Theme park.
I'm excited.
I'll keep everyone's feelings in mind.
I'll do my best.
Theme park!
It's okay. I can do it.
I'll do this.
Are you okay?
I'll jump.
Which one is better?
Let's move our bodies forward.
Which one is easier?
You can raise one leg.
You can move your body forward.
Which one is better?
Right or left?
Right?
If you can go up, it's right.
If you're not confident, it's left.
Where do you hit?
The red part.
Not the paper.
It's not the paper.
It's the paper.
You can hit the black part of the
paper.
If it's red, it's anywhere?
In the middle.
So I can aim for the middle?
How about the middle?
All?
I like the middle.
Wow.
All?
But the middle is scary.
Which one is better?
The middle is better.
The edge is better.
I'll aim for the edge.
Do your best.
Go this way.
Help me.
It's okay.
You don't have to feel the pressure.
I'll do my best.
Please do your best.
L earns for breast fo Joshua nola
breast w
Did we get it?
Bye!
I'm sorry!
One more time!
I have to get something.
The image is important.
I can do it three times.
I can do it once.
I'll do my best.
I'm scared.
I'm going home.
I'll do my best.
Why?
Aki, you're a coward.
I'm sorry.
You guys leveled up a bit.
So cute.
Go ahead.
You're the best, Aki-chan.
You're the best.
So funny.
So, everyone, we have a quiz for you.
We asked you on Twitter what the first
song of the live stream would be.
If you get the right answer, you can
try dancing again.
The BGM was 1. i-Song 2. Sakura-san 3.
Cupid in Love 4. Super Step Up
The correct answer is...
Cupid in Love!
And the most frequently asked question
on Twitter is...
Cupid in Love!
One more time!
It's 3%
Most of you got it right
Let's decide by rock-paper-scissors
Rock-paper-scissors or water?
Water!
Last time...
I said rock-paper-scissors or water
Karin, you want to do it?
Last time, you said luck
I'll do it
I knew it! It's Hiori!
One game three?
One game right?
One game!
See, she's doing it!
She's so good at it!
So, Piyo, are you going to go?
Let's go!
Let's go together!
Congratulations!
Let's put it in.
You're scared of it yourself.
I want to hear that today.
I want to hear it.
Aki-chan, can you give me a sponge?
I'll do it.
Thank you.
I'll polish it.
Okay.
Wait.
The image is important.
The paper is easier to hit.
Really?
Right or left?
The sponge is close, so be careful.
The sponge is broken.
If you hit the sponge, it will be a
theme park.
That's right.
Sponge frame is a theme park.
You have two minutes.
You can say anything.
Good luck, Hiyorin.
Good luck.
Please.
I did it last time.
Hiyorin, please.
All of it.
I did it last time.
Good.
Let's go.
Good luck.
Please.
Osaka theme park.
I like Osaka.
Let's go together.
Let's go.
I want to go.
Ah!
Match point is too great!
But we should aim for it!
Even if we get it, we won't give in.
One more time.
Watch.
Feels like I'm watching a drama.
I think I've come here without watching
a drama.
I'matics, fankiego's nonsense Where did
you write it?
Other side?
I'm so glad.
It was so good.
New episode updated every Wed. 1700 JST
Can you do it a little more forward?
No?
Are you okay?
I think you're a little behind.
A little more forward.
I'm nervous.
It's your fault.
I'm so happy.
Thank you.
Go, go, go!
Let's go!
Here I go.
Osaka.
A famous theme park!
Wait, wait, wait!
I didn't touch it!
One more time!
I can do it again.
I dropped the sponge.
You dropped it.
I dropped it.
It's okay.
Please!
One more time.
I'll do it again.
I'll do it.
It's going to get stuck.
It won't?
It will.
It's okay.
It's a circle.
It's stuck.
Okay.
You can do it!
I'll do it.
Jump!
It's a lie!!
It's not true!
It's a lie!
Happy birthday!
Why?
It's because you're cute!
Amazing!
Really!
Go!
And you're cute, too!
You're amazing!
I'm so happy!
Thank you for watching! Please
subscribe to our channel and follow us
on Twitter!
Wow!
Amazing!
Wait, wait, wait!
Wow!
Amazing!
Let's go together!
Yeah!
Wow!
Oh my god!
I'm so happy!
The fun of the year has increased
again!
Yay!
I'm so happy!
You're amazing!
No, this is all thanks to everyone's
help!
I'm so happy!
You're amazing!
Thank you, Hiyori!
I'm crying!
Hiyori, you're amazing!
I'll drink some water.
You're amazing!
I thought you'd do it!
I was just joking around.
You're amazing!
This is fun!
Wow!
There are so many stickers on this one.
This is beautiful!
This is amazing!
That's amazing!
Wow!
I want to see it!
That's amazing!
When?
That was amazing!
Thank you!
Yay!
You're amazing!
You're a genius dancer!
Thank you!
You're really strong!
Can I represent you, Kiari-sama?
I'll be representing you!
Let's go, everyone!
Yay!
You're amazing!
That's it for the Super-Speed Quiz!
It was a huge success!
It's almost time for the live stream,
so let's hear what everyone has to say
about the anniversary!
Let's start with Kanamin!
I'm excited right now!
I'm getting all these thoughts in my
head!
It's the 2nd anniversary of the group's
formation,
and it's gone by so fast!
Aki joined us, and we started with a
huge success.
In the first year, there were a lot of
things that didn't go as planned,
but we were able to meet our fans in
the 2nd year.
I'm grateful for TikTok, and I'm glad
that people got to know me through it.
I'm happy that my name is spreading to
more people.
I want to see more of the scenery with
everyone.
I've been looking back at this year,
and I'm glad that I was able to meet my
fans through this.
We'll do our best to make you happy, so
please keep supporting us!
Thank you for today!
Thank you for watching the live stream!
I was looking back at the past year,
and I was surprised at how much we've
done.
I was surprised at how much we've done.
We'll do our best to make you happy, so
please keep supporting us!
We'll make a lot of fun memories
together!
Thank you for today!
It's our second anniversary!
I'm so thirsty from all the screaming.
I think that all the live shows and
events we've had in the past two years
are precious to us.
I hope that we can continue to make
more wonderful memories together.
Let's make more wonderful memories
together!
I get a lot of comments saying that I'm
so cheerful when I watch our live shows.
We'll do our best to continue to be
that way!
Please support us in our third year!
Okay, everyone
Thank you for watching!
It's been two years since the last time
we saw you.
I think a lot of miracles have happened
since the last time we saw you.
I think there are a lot of surprises
and developments in my life.
I'm having a lot of fun with my life as
a super Toki-sen.
I'm still doing the spring hall
recording tour.
I'm so grateful that so many people are
paying attention to Toki-sen and that
it's sold out in all the shows.
We will do our best to convey our
gratitude and love to everyone who
supports us through live broadcasts and
live streams.
I look forward to your support in the
third year.
Thank you very much!
Thank you for watching the live
broadcast.
She is my partner.
I made a lot of memories with everyone
in the second year.
I'm very happy to have made a lot of
memories with the PR staff.
A lot of things happened in 2021.
I had a lot of fun on the zip tour and
I had a lot of fun on the truck.
I have a lot of memories.
I will do my best to make a lot of
memories with everyone.
I would be happy if you could follow
me.
I will do my best to be a wonderful
existence that you can always support
and that we can support.
Thank you for your continued support.
To everyone who has watched this far,
and the 2nd anniversary...
Calm down.
Super exciting anniversary.
The 2nd anniversary.
The existence of Tokisen is a wonderful
existence that gives life even more
color.
We are able to spend really fun days by
overcoming various things with everyone
and experiencing them.
So we want to color your lives
together, so we are doing this activity.
I feel every day that I am receiving a
lot of fun days from everyone.
I think there are many big dreams of
Tokisen,
but I feel that I am getting closer to
my dreams.
I say that there is no ceiling to
dreams, but I really don't think so.
The 3rd year that I am advancing with
everyone more and more.
We will do our best to be a existence
that everyone can support.
Please continue to support us. Thank
you.
Riku is next.
Please do advertisements.
I prepared a limited time pig.
In this video, we will be asking people
who want to express their feelings about
their love for their partner.
The video will be broadcasted on
IVISION in Shibuya, Tokyo, from April.
The application period is from March
26th to April 22nd.
Please send us your videos!
We'll be waiting!
Also, there is a station ad in Shibuya
station.
It will be available until April 3rd.
Please check the website for more
information.
I've already seen it.
It's amazing.
Please watch it!
And, the performance of Tokimeki Natsu
no Hare will be held on Saturday, May
28th at Yokohama Budokan.
There are only a few tickets left!
Yay!
I'm so happy!
In the current TokiSen market, there is
still a little bit of time left until
the end of October.
But, compared to the previous market,
it's the biggest gap.
It's amazing.
I'm so happy.
Thank you.
Please look forward to it!
And, we will be performing at the
Tokimeki Sennenbu Makuhari Messe!
Yay!
The date is Saturday, October 22nd.
Everyone who is watching this, please
check out our album on October 22nd.
Please do!
Let's have a great time together!
Thank you!
And, please check out our mini album on
June 22nd.
We hope to have a great time with
everyone.
Please continue to support us!
Please do!
We will do our best!
Then,
Lock on to your heart!
This was Tokimeki Sennenbu!
Thank you!
Thank you for watching!
Bye bye!
Please subscribe to my channel!
Thank you for watching!
It's a present for you.
Oh, thanks.
I don't have any money, so I've got to
go to the bank.
Oh, no problem.
I'll give you this.
I'll take care of it.
I'll be back soon.
Take care.
Bye, then.
Okay.
I'll be back soon.
Bye.
Thank you for watching!
I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'll
try.
I'll try to do my best.
I'll do my best.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching!
Please subscribe to my channel!